Add breaking change notice about Graphql primary keys type in version 11.6.0 (#280)
directus/docs: content/releases/3.breaking-changes/2.version-11.md

## Version 11.6.0

> ### Graphql type String to ID for primary keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### GraphQL primary key field type changed from `String` to `ID`
```

> In this release, primary key field types have changed from `String` to `ID`. If you're using GraphQL queries or mutations that pass primary keys as variables, you’ll need to update those variable types from `String` to `ID` to maintain compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GraphQL primary key field types have changed from `String` to `ID`. If you're using GraphQL queries or mutations that pass primary keys as variables, you’ll need to update those variable types from `String` to `ID` to maintain compatibility.
```
